[Autogenerated] There's one last step I want to
perform on my newly containerized AP I.
I'll add some new data so that you can see something more
than just reading from the database.
To do this,
I'll head back to postman and I'm Hasting in the Earl
of the Container and notice For now, I'm still targeting a get rest method.
I just want to run that to be sure everything's working here, too.
There's no reason it shouldn't be, but it's just how I roll.
So yes,
postman is Justus happily hitting the controller and
returning my data as the browser waas.
Now I feel more comfortable doing a post toe.
Add new data.
I'll start by changing the body to a new Jason document
where the author name is now Mary O Deli.
And okay, she hasn't written a book yet,
but today she just achieved her 10th certification and
it was for a WS Solutions architect.
So I wanted to find a fun way to congratulate ER.
There you go and then go ahead and send this request to my comptroller.
Post meant displays the results,
which is the data along with the ideas generated by the
database And if I then return to the browser and refresh
the page again and scroll down, there's married at the bottom of my list.
And, yes, you might notice a gap in the I DS.
That's because they did an experiment and then deleted it from database, so everything's as it should be.